Add initial terminology for Woodpecker (#106)
cdfoundation/sig-interoperability: docs/tools-terminology.md

- **Trigger**: Triggers is a Kubernetes Custom Resource Defintion (CRD) controller 
that allows you to extract information from event payloads (a "trigger") to create Kubernetes resources.

### Woodpecker

[Woodpecker](https://woodpecker-ci.org/) is an open source, simple CI/CD engine with great extensibility.

> Some of the core Tekton terms are listed below. [[22]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the core Woodpecker terms are listed below. [[22]]
```

> - **Pipeline**: Triggered by events like webhooks, crons or manual events. It contains one or more Workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Pipeline**: Triggered by events like webhooks, crons or manual events. It contains one or more workflows.
```

> - **Workflow**: Represent one task an Agent do execute. It contains steps and report the result back to SCM Tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Workflow**: Represents a sequential list of steps which are executed as a task by an agent. The result of a workflow is reported back to the forge.
```

Author: I called it "SCM Tools" instead of forge as it's used to mention gitlab,github,... in this doc - not sure what is best

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Workflow**: Represents a sequential list of steps which are executed as a task by an agent. The results of the workflow reports the result back to SCM Tools.
```

Reviewer 2: ^^ Will merge after that change lands.
